230 ORATION OF

to the Devastations of 'the Enemy, and been despoiled of many
valuable Pofl‘eflionS, we sued for Peace, which was concluded
by Nicias. During this Time we carried into the Citadel seven
thousand T alents, arifing from the Advantages of this Peace.
We now commanded not less than three hundred Gallies,
completely equipped; our Revenues amounted annually to
more than twelve hundred Talents 3 we held poffeffion of
Chersonesus, Naxos, Euboea3 and sent abroad in this Period
many Colonies. Poffcffed of so many valuable BlcffingS, we
were again hurried into a War against the Lacedaemonians in
Favour of the Argives and by their Persuafion, untill by the
Spirit of Contention among our Orators we were reduced to
receive a Garrison into the City, ancl at first four hundred, and

afterwards thirty impious Tyrants into the Government3 nei-
ther did we conclude a voluntary Peace, but were compelled

to accept one from our ConquerorS. When we again grew
wiser in our Administration, ancl the People were returned from
their Exile in Phyle3 when Archinus and Thrasybulus stood
sorth the Patrons of Liberty, and confirmed by an Oath a gea
neral Amnesty, for which all Mankind agreed, that our

Republic had acted with the highest Wisdom 3 when the People
were now inspired with new Life, and resumed their ancient
Vigour, a Set of Men, fraudulently enrolled among our Citi-
ZCHS, seduced the infirm and weaker Parts of the Republic to
their Faenion 3 raised War after W ar by their Errors in Politics;

represented in their Speeches under the most formidable Appear-

{IUCCS

