DEMOSTHENes. 143

Enemies of the Gods, because it much conccrns you to examine
and behold the whole Progress of his Delufions. At first, when
his Dominions were laid waste by Robbers, and his Ports shut
up in such a Manner, as deprived him of all Advantages of
commerce, he ardently wished sor Peace, and sent hither
Neoptolemus, Aristodemus, and Ctesiphon, who made, in
his Namc, very equitable Proposals. But when we went
Ambaffadors to him, he instantly hired this AEschines to defend
and support the polluted Philocrates, and to gain a Superiority
over us, who were determined to preserve our Integrity. He
likewise wrote a Letter to you, by which he principally hoped
to obtain a Peace. N either was it in his Power‚ even then, to
execute any thing extraordinary against you, unless he ruined
the Phocaeans 3 nor was this extremely easy3 for his Affairs
were contraOEted, as if by some peculiar good Fortune, into
such narrow Bounds, that he must either fail of executing the
Schemes he proposed, or of Neceffity must appear a Liar and
perjured, and have all the Barbarians, as well as GrecianS,
Witneffes of his Improbity. Because, if he had received the
Phocaeans as his ConsederateS, and had given to them his Oath
of Alliance as to υς, he must have instantly violated his En-

gagements to the ThebanS, to whom he had sworn to subdue
Baeotia, and to the Theffalians, whom he had promised to

restore to their Seat among the Amphi&yons. (53) On the

contrary, if he had refused to receive the Phocaeans into his
Conse-

( 5 3) From whence they were expelled by the Phocaeans. &Yon-irs,

