484 DEMOSTHENES

you all so perfecstly well know my Picenses, as to be convinced,
that these Names are far more suita'ole to his Charaeter, than
mine. Resides, I am conscionis, that my Eloquence—-ffor
Ι must mlo-w the Chai-ge, although I am senfible the Re-
putation of nn Orator almost wholly depends upon his Audience,
and that his Influence rises in Proportion to the Attention and
Complacency, with which you receive him) if however I have
acquired by long Experience any Degree of Eloquence‚ you
will constantly find it employed, whether in public or private
Causes, for your Interest alone3 While that of AEschines‚ on
the contrary, hath not only been exerted in Favour of your
Enemies, but whoever offended or provoked him, against them
hath it been employed: never in efence of private Justioe, or
for the public Advantage. Yet it. becomes not the Charaffiter
of a reputable and valuable Citizen to demand of the Judges‚
who enter into these Courts to pronounce Sentence upon the
Affairs of the Republic, to authorize his personal Resentment,
his Hatred‚ or any other such Paffion. He should not himself
enter into these Courts from such Motives. Better not to have
these Paffions in his Nature3 but if he have, to govern them

with Temper and Moderation-

ΙΝ what Instances therefore should a public Minister or an
Orator employ the Terrors of his Eloquence? When the Con-
stitution is in Danger, or the Contest maintained between the
People and their Enemies. In these Instances 3 for these de-

mand a gencrous and honest Citizen. But if AEschines never

preferred

