IN DEFENCE OF CTESIPHON. 495

not have provided for the importation of Corn, and the Con-
veyance of it with Security through every Country‚ with which
we were in F riendssiip‚ even into the Pyraeum? Befides prc-

serving our ancient Poffeffions by powerful and effeciual Suc-
cours; by the Influence of his Orations and Decrees, should

he not have endeavoured to procure us the F ricndship and Al-
liance of other Nations? Should he not have deprived our
Enemies of their principal Resources, and supplied the Repub-
lic with whatever was wanting to her Safety. All these good
Purposes were effected by my Decrees and CounseIS, which
whoever will examine without Envy, will be convinced were
planned with Wisdom and executed with Integrity‚ and that
no favourable Occafion of affiting was never neglected by me,
or lost through Ignorance, or yielded to the Enemy by Treach-
ery, or in general, as far as the Prudence and Abilities of one
Man could extend, omitted. But if the Power and Influence
of some unpropitious Deity‚ or Fortune‚ or the incapacity of
our GeneraIS, or the Depravity of Traitors, or all of them in

Conjunc‘tion, have thus distrefl‘ed our Affairs even to utter
Ruin3 {what Crime hath Demosthenes committed? Had

there been only one Man in every Grecian State, faithful like
me in the Statim, to which I was appointed ; or even if
Thessaly had produced only one single Magistrate‚ and Arcadia
another, whose Principles and Sentiments had concurred with
mine, no Grecian, either on this, or the other fide of Thermo-

pylae, had experienced their present Calamities ς but enjoying

their

